---
layout: post
title: "Zero"
---


# Monday, 22 September 2025

Morning was late and lazy as usual. Contrary to the usual I ate breakfast because of Susanna's constant nagging.
She was worried about my health and well-being. She says I am becoming thinner day by day.
Got dressed up and reached college. While walking to the college halfway I got a lift by Abhin and Vinayak in Vinayak's scooter. We were 3 people on a scooter(Highly illegal :) ).
We reached college and entered into class. I think Joffiya miss was in the first period.

The class went on as usual. Jokes, Laughs, Smiles,...

It has become 2nd period and someone informed me that I and Akhilesh have to be at the college auditorium by 10:30 for receiving the prize for the quiz competition on Space Day by ISRO(Me and Akhilesh participated as a team and had secured the first position). I said Akhilesh is not here and decided that I won't go alone(chronic introvert :) ). My phone display had already been broken and I was phone-less, so I took deepak's phone to play CoC(To reduce my anxiety of going alone).

Then Joffiya came for something in the class and pressured me to go. While talking Joffiya miss saw the phone and took it for using phone during class hours and said "50 rupees".

I then pressured Deepak to come with me to the auditorium as Akhilesh. Me and him reached the auditorium at 10:50 or something. Then we patiently heard a businessman promoting his 100% naturally made edible tableware for 1 hour. Then we received the certificates. They fooled us by giving only certificates. It was mentioned in the competition posters that there will be cash prize.

I then approached Joffiya miss and pressured her to give the money. At first she didn't even know there was cash prize. Then she said it will be given later. Then Deepak gave me his own 50rs to me to get back his captured phone. After that me, Deepak and Naveen went to eat single CB in S.S as usual. After that we came back to college. It was Java Lab. Susanna sits right in-front-off me, facing me. But there is a seperator wall and monitor. So it is a bit hard to give eye-contact. Last period was Open-Course(Banking and Insurance), somehow finished the hour. Then I had to wait until Susanna and Vinayak finished demonstrating the Mini-Project to Chinju Miss.

When Susanna came I spent time with her. After sending her off to her home I went to my home, changed dress, put laptop in the bag and with it came to the shop. There I spent some time fiddling in the laptop and talking to Sajan uncle.

Then I thought about starting new projects as usual(Because I am still daydreaming about finding an idea that will make me famous). And then I thought, what if I built a dictionary for words that are not formal or words that are commonly used among the people.

i.e., what it means in a normal person to person conversation.

I also planned to add a data/feature to show distinctions between people using the same words. That might be useful when people are arguing over the pronounciation of a word(Have been there, Have done that). That's when I thought about Urban Dictionary. So I thought I would build a similar project but for Malayalam exclusively(also less vulgar).

Then I closed the shop and my mother and her aunty went home, walking. I took the Nissan Micra(it was parked outside the shop, so had to take it back) and went to S.S hotel and bought a half beef fry and 3 porrottas for me to eat. I came home and ate the food. Then I started this blog and was calling susanna and mid-way Naveen called and asked if I would come for work I said yes(Cause money!!). Then I stopped everything and waited for Naveen to come pick me up. The work was in CIAL. Naveen's father, Him and Me reached there in their Baleno. Then we started working.

After work we went to a shop to eat some junk and then returned home.

That's all for today.

SIGN_OUT 02:32;
